Feat/locked memory (#316)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: engine/new_runtime/README.md

# Stronghold new runtime 

This crate provides multiple types of secure memories which implementation is abstracted behind two interfaces `ProtectedMemory` and `LockedMemory`. 
These interfaces are both present in the file _src/locked_memory.rs_

## `ProtectedMemory`
Protected memory is memory which contains some "minimal" security measures such as:
- Guard areas
- Canaries 
- Constant time comparisons
- Zeroes out the memory when finished
- Access control of memory pages
- System flags against memory dumps

Values in protected memory are stored in clear. Those values are accessible by getting a reference through `borrow()` and `borrow_mut()`.
Since the values are stored in clear instances of `ProtectedMemory` should be as short-lived as possible.

`ProtectedMemory` possesses `alloc()` and `dealloc` functions.

Currently we have a single type `Buffer` implementing the `ProtectedMemory` trait.

## `LockedMemory`
Locked memory is used to store sensitive data for long period of time.

> On top of having the same protections as `ProtectedMemory`, `LockedMemory` values are never not stored in clear. This means that even when scanning memory, an attacker can't read directly the sensitive data from a dump.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of having the same protections as `ProtectedMemory`, `LockedMemory` values are never stored in clear. This means that even when scanning memory, an attacker can't read directly the sensitive data from a dump.
```
typo?

> On top of having the same protections as `ProtectedMemory`, `LockedMemory` values are never not stored in clear. This means that even when scanning memory, an attacker can't read directly the sensitive data from a dump.

Reviewer: > On top of having the same protections as `ProtectedMemory`, `LockedMemory` values (..)

Why do we need protections like Guard Areas, Canaries, flags against memory dumps etc. if the data is encrypted in memory anyway?

In my opinion, it would make sense to separate these two traits completely (and from how in understand your code, that also how is currently implemented). 
So `ProtectedMemory` is used to implement security measures for types that are otherwise stored plain in memory, like the `Key` for example. 
`LockedMemory` on the other hand is encrypted in memory and needs a key for each operation to decrypt it, but does not need the measures of `ProtectedMemory`. Locked memory would be used to protect and access the secrets that are stored in the vaults, right? And if we follow the old implementation, on access a value that is stored in a `LockedMemory` would be decrypted and wrapped into `ProtectedMemory` so that it can be used in the operation?

So I guess it's more about the wording in the README; the actual implementation aligns more or less with what I am describing.

Author: This is a good remark. Right now all the memory types use guards and canaries and we can argue the necessity of such measures when you have encrypted data. The only argument I have right now is that canaries and guards help by protecting against data tempering through buffer overflow but not against privacy of this data. 
To be honnest I was thinking of choosing exactly how much security we implement depending on the performance we will get by using these new memory types.

Reviewer 2: I am disagreeing to the point where encrypted memory shouldn't have any protection, because is encrypted. The major point of the new runtime provision is to keep sensitive data as secure as possible. If encrypted memory can also not be dumped, we counter attacks to retrieve memory from minimal timed exposure as well. This should be top prio, performance is second.

# Stronghold new runtime 

> This crate provides multiple types of secure memories which implementation is abstracted behind two interfaces `ProtectedMemory` and `LockedMemory`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This crate provides multiple types of secure memory implementations, that are abstracted behind two interfaces `ProtectedMemory` and `LockedMemory`. 
```

> These interfaces are both present in the file _src/locked_memory.rs_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The interfaces are both present in the file _src/locked_memory.rs_
```

Since the values are stored in clear instances of `ProtectedMemory` should be as short-lived as possible.

`ProtectedMemory` possesses `alloc()` and `dealloc` functions.

Currently we have a single type `Buffer` implementing the `ProtectedMemory` trait.

## `LockedMemory`
Locked memory is used to store sensitive data for long period of time.
On top of having the same protections as `ProtectedMemory`, `LockedMemory` values are never not stored in clear. This means that even when scanning memory, an attacker can't read directly the sensitive data from a dump.
We currently have multiple kind of locks on `LockedMemory`:
- Encryption
- NonContiguous data structure
  - full in memory
  - split in both memory and file system
- Both at the same time

`LockedMemory` possesses `alloc()`, `dealloc`, `lock()` and `unlock()`.
To use a `LockedMemory` one needs to unlock it before.

## Ideas 
- Instead of having to unlock then lock `LockedMemory` every time, we could have a single function `exec_on_unlock()` to which we provide a closure manipulating "unlocked" memory. This is closer to the current `GuardedVec`.
  + Pros: the unlocking is done automatically at the end of the closure

>   + Cons: we have some data which is encrypted and those keys are also `LockedMemory`. Therefore unlocking multiple layers of `LockedMemory` would force us to have nested closures which could be ugly. 

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to focus on the intended operation. If some sensitive data requires a key to be decrypted as well, the API should reflect that, or make it opaque providing the decrypted part as closure argument. This API could reside on a higher level abstraction.
